Document and update excel export (#224)
openkfw/TruBudget: doc/tutorials/connect-to-network/bare-metal.md

This is just an example. Please refer to the [official documentation](http://pm2.keymetrics.io/) for more information.

## Excel Export

> To enable the export of TruBudget data into Excel files, a separate service needs to be started. Therefore, change the directory to the `excel-export` folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the export of TruBudget data into Excel files, a separate service needs to be started. To start that service, first change the directory to the `excel-export` folder:
```

Author: changed based on suggestion

```bash
cd ../excel-export
```

### Set Environment Variables

> In order for the service to work properly, the following environment variables need to be set: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following environment variables need to be set: 
```

Author: changed based on suggestion
